I, Liu Guofu
My lifelong desire is to be by my father's side
Brother Yeshen Hospital took action
I, Liu Guofu, will definitely strive for hard work
Family Master Liu, you really misunderstood
I'm not a doctor
The old man's body does not need medical treatment
He will change it tomorrow.
Rich grandma
Can you be a little more gentle?
Is there a master?
My friends say I'm real
If Doctor Ye does not treat it, he will not treat it.
Why take care of my father?
Ye'er, are you crazy?
Today is Mr. Liu's birthday banquet
You are in front of so many customers
Say such unlucky things
When will your child grow up?
Little brat
I have endured you for a long time
It's okay if you insult my mother
Today you really broke ground on Tai Sui
Somebody insert this chop-up for me
What the hell is going on?
This is real.
It certainly is.
Once Mr. Liu has three long and two short
You also study that the murderer is you
Angry old man
Old man, believe me
Pay attention to my body and hold my head
Experts say I have years to live.
Minghua has no hatred in the past
No injustice today
Why are you hitting me?
It's very simple because his night eyes are not night god clothes